gh-42664: Preserve first instance of duplicate cookies as per RFC 6265 (#116253)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2024-03-03-00-36-10.gh-issue-42664.-a6E1b.rst

> Fixed `http.cookies.BaseCookie` to preserve the first instance of a duplicated cookie, aligning Python's cookie handling more closely with RFC 6265 standards. Previously, the last instance of a duplicate cookie was preserved. This change enhances predictability and standards compliance when working with HTTP cookies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class:`http.cookies.BaseCookie`\s now preserve the first instance of a duplicated cookie
as per :rfc:`6265`, instead of preserving the last instance of a duplicated cookie.
```

You must also add a What's New entry which, in addition, could mention the enhancability.
